Hi again, everyone.
I'm sitting in [? Sunny, ?]
our S500 intelligent car.
Now that you know what
a particle filter is
and how it works, in
this lesson you'll
learn some important
implementation details.
Afterwards, you'll be able
to complete a project which
involves making a particle
filter to localize
a self-driving car like
this one I'm sitting in now.
Code can be a bit different
from theory and math,
so I'll go over a few
things you need to know,
such as how to
assign measurements
to particular landmarks
in a given map.
Additionally, I'll go
over the code frame
you'll be using so
you know how it works.
Implementing algorithms has
always been my favorite part,
so I hope you'll enjoy
putting the theory and math
into a real working system too.
Now we'll start by going over
the pseudocode for the particle
filter algorithm so you'll
know what steps you'll
have to execute to successfully
implement a particle filter.